IDK WTF im doing tbh but I guess ill try, im still trying to raise from the individual factor point where I had to take drastic measures for my family’s sanity but if they do what I think they’re doing, I don’t have much time the do this then, but Ill try as fast as possible to maybe try and put some knowledge on here, as much as maybe I can truly remember. I sorta have always enjoyed being dubious and funny around tech, its crazy but I always enjoyed shit like that. Theres no gadget ill let go of if I don’t understand its internal working conditions, I alwys made sure I found my way around it, to teachers changed the trajectory of my life, I wanted to be a medical doctor, somehow they advised me to follow tech, years later here I am. I mean im still learning to be good at this tech but Im not all so bad either. I actually did do some level of good stuff, I also sorta loved maths. Those two, they made my days, now im out here grinding tech. I think I became more curious in uni when I started piecing together the things ordinary 0s and 1s can do. Just imagine how those 0s and 1s run and thousands of commands are coursing through them every second, it’s a sick way to think about tech, but I see it as the beginning of all things tech, From 0 and 1 to becoming the backbone of all things security. Its some sick stuff IMO. But yeah none the less Im here now. I began to learn I looked up to a guy who we will call Sodiq, he knows himself, I see him as a mentor most times, he can be annoying a couple times, maybe a little ruthless w words, I looked up to him none the less. And now ?I wont talk about the tale he plays in my life, maybe a bit cause we sorta work together. Ngl before this, Id already worked on some sick projects to show that I was absolutely ready for the industry and yeah I got an interview with CyberDome, shoutout to Binary, cool guy helped me get it, I actually flopped the interview, I mean I passed two stages of security questions, I faild the coding part cause I never really liked coding but I like how things were engineered, I just didn’t really enjoy coding like that, its love hate between me and coding but yeah it woke me up to realise I wasn’t ready yet, i was just getting warmed up, Sodiq took m under his wing and made me learn API hacking from APISEC uni, very fun place to learn IMO, but I learned the core ideologies behind it, and the core ideology is being able to single a tiny unit out and squeeze it till it breaks. Some don’t break some do, that’s why I don’t have a pre set list of rules when going into an engagement, I enter with a freemind checking for weird anomalies or things im not used to, weird stuff are peak asf. Of course the OWASP top 10 Is there but you don’t see them everyday, instead you see them in forms of vulnerability, for example rate limiting all good and nice but what can rate limiting do to the system or its just plain old lack of rate limiting, in itself its useless but brute force for OTP for ATO ? Now we are talking about some good stuff, its more or less the the feel in the application flow like I mentioned earlier, you need to feel this stuff, you cant just be leaving it in units, what does this do and if I fuck with it what can I do, It reminds me of an undisclosed 0 day in a service I know, the weirdest thing affects that system, yet it results in ATO. But yeah now I have ATO sorted, lets go back to the main concept, Those tiny units make up most of it, naturally I was given my first app but it had been tested earlier, I felt so bad that I couldn’t pop any bugs, I felt so bad but apparently it had been earlier tested by someone, hence the lack of bugs, hopped on retests, then I finally got my first app and my goodness, felt so good hacking those guys, pure cocaine rush. Of course more and more came in and ive worked with so many technologies that now I don’t even feel this thing again, I get into a system I know where im headed, I don’t gotta wait, but of course when I meet new techonology, I feel and understand it well enough to the point that I understandhow it receives and processes information and what information it gives out, in here im able to find the weaknesses clearly and explain it back to an engineer, it’s the same mindset for software engineering and just security focused, Im not gonnna lie, im not the best but shoutout to Sodiq, and to my immediate CEO we will call him Conrad, I love you man, a wonderful guy, only ever seen him once in my lifetime, crazy but hes been a good older brother, checks in on me all the time , SOdiq and Conrad helped me understand many concepts better, encouraged me to try my hands on some cloud, although I enjoy mobile and web more, its still fun. I carried this same ideology to my first physical pentest, its probably one of my best memories. I got to steal stuff and hack stuff, all legally of course but it gave me a sense of fulfillment, Sometimes its depressing knowing that nobody sees how truly happy this craft makes me, everything thing has to be headed to wards money and honestly im not angry, not at all. But yeah lets get back to hacking shall we ? Ive worked across many stupid technologies hence why I described it like that so maybe ill just discuss my favorite hacks of all time. I think number one will be the app that only used JWT at login, if you knew all the other routes, you can access them without JWT, I don’t think there was anything I couldn’t do on that app, ATO and super admin exposure. It was so sick. I think the other was the one that used Firebase tokens, I don’t even remember if its firebase or firestore. But it was some sick shit around the fact that the token wasn’t limited to what it could do so I just dumped their db. Funny how I never saw this until I was into the job, I don’t know, Ive given yall my most powerful ability
